Fix isSameEntry example (#33699)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/filesystemhandle/issameentry/index.md

## Examples

The following function compares a single entry with an array of entries, and returns a

> Promise that fullfills with a new array with any matching entries removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{jsxref("Promise")}} that fulfils with a new array with any matching entries removed.
```

```js
async function removeMatches(fileEntry, entriesArr) {
  const newArr = [];

>   for (let entry of entriesArr) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  for (const entry of entriesArr) {
```
